Update notes for -EnableUnauthenticatedSender (#6256)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/exchange-ps/exchange/Set-AntiPhishPolicy.md

Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```
 To prevent these identifiers from being added to messages from specific senders, you have the following options:

>   - Allow the sender to spoof in the spoof intelligence policy. For instructions, see [Configure spoof intelligence in Microsoft 365](learn-about-spoof-intelligence.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Allow the sender to spoof in the spoof intelligence policy. For instructions, see [Configure spoof intelligence in Microsoft 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/learn-about-spoof-intelligence).
```

>   - [Configure email authentication](email-validation-and-authentication.md#configure-email-authentication-for-domains-you-own) for the sender domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Configure email authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/email-validation-and-authentication#configure-email-authentication-for-domains-you-own) for the sender domain.
```

  
    - For the question mark in the sender's photo, SPF or DKIM are the most important.
    - For the via tag, confirm the domain in the DKIM signature or the **MAIL FROM** address matches (or is a subdomain of) the domain in the From address.

>   For more information, see [Identify suspicious messages in Outlook.com and Outlook on the web](https://support.microsoft.com/office/3d44102b-6ce3-4f7c-a359-b623bec82206)

Author: Note for reviewers: This is not new text I've added. This is existing text that is already shown on another page and we need to show it on this page as well. (so, just copy pasted here)
